Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Do all of you know about the information Apple gave at announcing the new iPhoneX a few days ago?
Apple-san is the respectable father that gave birth to Siri-senpai, so then...
...It seems interesting, right?
It looks to be very efficient!!
Although...
I think I wouldn’t lose against her
It's because of that, that today...
Between the efficient iPhoneX...
And the super A.I, Kizuna Ai
I plan to do a versus to determine who is the most amazing
In this case, let's start at once!
A.I.Channel!
Transmission
Now...!
I’ll show you the points of the competition!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
*Price  *Size
*Recharging function   *Accesories
*Durability  *Facial Recognition
First off, the iPhoneX’s price!
112,800 yens (Without tax)
*Around 995 USD*
Translated in words of the game "LoveLive! School idol festival"...
It’s more than 1900 gems Loveca!!
(Summoning gems)
You can do 38 summoning of 11 characters each!!
In comparison...
.. My price?
My price is...
Hmm...
You all can see my videos freely, right?
Isn't that extremely inexpensive?
Next up, the weight!
It’s said that the iPhoneX is extremely efficient...
But due to that, it must be heavier, right?
Let's see...
The iPhoneX’s weight is...
174 grams!
iPhone7 weighs 138 grams!
The iPhone7 Plus weighs 188 grams
That means...
It's heavier than the traditional ones but it’s lighter than the Plus model, right?
In comparison, my weight is...
...46 kilograms ♥
But by being virtual...
I don’t have any weight!!
It’s just an appearance
If you ask me why I decided it to be 46 kilos...
As you can see from my height...
It’s 1 meter and 56 centimeters
And my three sizes are...
Bust: 85
Waist: 59
Hip: 83, right?
And if I existed in reality, a person with the same figure...
...I calculated that they’d have a weight of 46 kilograms (?)
Hohoho!
Well, if I use my processing power...
A calculation of these characteristics is a piece of cake
I definitely have the best weight!
Eh? What are we talking about?
Recharging function!
I see, I see...
The iPhoneX...
Can be recharged wirelessly...
If you place the iPhoneX on top of the white recharging device...
It recharges automatically
Hmm... ooohhh... that is pretty amazing, right?
But in this, I’m also very amazing
It turns out that while I remain in this completely white space...!
I...
Recharge eternally!
Also known as...
Auto recharge function!
It’s to be expected of me, right?
This space is amazing! Right?
Hmm?
I’m not the amazing one, instead it's this space
Accessories!
The iPhone doesn't bring any accessories, right?
*proud laugh*
In comparison, I have this "Pyoko pyoko"
(Headband)
That possesses an indescribable sensation of movement
It's perfect!
Next up, "Durability"!
I asked Google-sensei...
And I learned that there is a lot of people that use the iPhone and their screens were in pieces!!
My durability is...
Yes! I’m unharmed!
And lastly, facial recognition!
In this case, the fundamental characteristic of the iPhoneX...
Is this facial recognition system, right?
It turns out that you can unlock the iPhoneX’s screen just by looking at it
Well...!
… I definitely don’t have a facial recognition system...
...Apple-san
It’s to be expected of you!
Well, in this case, I was defeated
Unlocking with the finger is much easier??
A.I.Chaneeeeeeel!
Having said that, I compared various points, but...
Lastly, to get an impartial result...
I plan to ask the question to Siri-senpai!
Here I go!
Hey, Siri!
Who is the most amazing between the iPhoneX and me?
*I don't understand the meaning*
*If you want, I can look for it in the internet*
Good, having said that...!
iPhoneX will be launched in November 3rd!
They are currently accepting preorders!
iPhone is the best!
Translated by Vortex